GH-35786: [C++] Add pairwise_diff function (#35787)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/compute.rst

  results in a corresponding null in the output.

  Also see: :ref:`if_else <cpp-compute-scalar-selections>`.

Pairwise functions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Pairwise functions are unary vector functions that performs a binary operation on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pairwise functions are unary vector functions that perform a binary operation on 
```

  results in a corresponding null in the output.

  Also see: :ref:`if_else <cpp-compute-scalar-selections>`.

Pairwise functions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Pairwise functions are unary vector functions that perform a binary operation on 
a pair of elements in the input array, typically on adjacent elements. The n-th

> output is computed by applying the binary operation on the n-th and (n-p)-th, 
> where p is the period. The default period is 1. The period can also be negative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output is computed by applying the binary operation to the n-th and (n-p)-th inputs, 
where p is the period. The default period is 1, in which case the binary
operation is applied to adjacent pairs of inputs. The period can also be
negative, in which case the n-th output is computed by applying the binary
operation to the n-th and (n+abs(p))-th inputs.
```
